 <!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [BLACK_LIST_PROPS][1]
-   [transformSnapshotProps][2]
-   [AtomicBlockUtils][3]
-   [generate][4]
-   [getFingerprint][5]
-   [generateLeaves][6]
-   [create][7]
-   [CompositeDraftDecorator][8]
-   [canOccupySlice][9]
-   [occupySlice][10]
-   [findStyleRanges][11]
-   [findEntityRanges][12]
-   [containsSemanticBlockMarkup][13]
-   [getListItemDepth][14]
-   [updateNodeStack][15]
-   [decodeContentBlockNodes][16]
-   [decodeEntityRanges][17]
-   [decodeInlineStyleRanges][18]
-   [CoreDraftBlockType][19]
-   [CustomBlockType][20]
-   [DraftDecorator][21]
-   [DraftDecoratorType][22]
-   [getDecorations][23]
-   [DraftDragType][24]
-   [DraftEditor][25]
    -   [\_onBeforeInput][26]
    -   [\_buildHandler][27]
    -   [componentWillUpdate][28]
    -   [focus][29]
    -   [setMode][30]
    -   [restoreEditorDOM][31]
    -   [setClipboard][32]
    -   [getClipboard][33]
    -   [update][34]
    -   [onDragEnter][35]
    -   [onDragLeave][36]
-   [isIE][37]
-   [isBlockOnSelectionEdge][38]
-   [isBlockOnSelectionEdge][39]
-   [DraftEditorBlock][40]
    -   [componentDidMount][41]
-   [shouldNotAddWrapperElement][42]
-   [componentDidMount][43]
-   [DraftEditorCommand][44]
-   [RESOLVE_DELAY][45]
-   [resolved][46]
-   [onCompositionStart][47]
-   [onCompositionEnd][48]
-   [onKeyDown][49]
-   [onKeyPress][50]
-   [resolveComposition][51]
-   [getListItemClasses][52]
-   [DraftEditorContents][53]
-   [DraftEditorContentsExperimental][54]
-   [getSelectionForEvent][55]
-   [onDragEnd][56]
-   [onDrop][57]
-   [insertTextAtSelection][58]
-   [DraftEditorLeaf][59]
    -   [leaf][60]
-   [DraftEditorPlaceholder][61]
-   [editorState][62]
-   [isNewline][63]
-   [NEWLINE_A][64]
-   [DraftEditorTextNode][65]
-   [DraftEntityMutability][66]
-   [DraftEntityMutability][67]
-   [logWarning][68]
-   [DraftEntity][69]
    -   [getLastCreatedEntityKey][70]
-   [Please use 'contentState.getLastCreatedEntityKey' instead.][71]
    -   [create][72]
-   [Please use 'contentState.createEntity' instead.][73]
    -   [add][74]
-   [Please use 'contentState.addEntity' instead.][75]
    -   [get][76]
-   [Please use 'contentState.getEntity' instead.][77]
    -   [mergeData][78]
-   [Please use 'contentState.mergeEntityData' instead.][79]
    -   [replaceData][80]
-   [Please use 'contentState.replaceEntityData' instead.][81]
    -   [\_\_getLastCreatedEntityKey][82]
    -   [\_\_create][83]
    -   [\_\_add][84]
    -   [\_\_get][85]
    -   [\_\_mergeData][86]
    -   [\_\_replaceData][87]
-   [DraftEntityInstance][88]
-   [DraftEntitySegments][89]
-   [DraftHandleValue][90]
-   [DraftInsertionType][91]
-   [DraftModifier][92]
-   [DraftRange][93]
-   [DraftRemovalDirection][94]
-   [RawDraftContentBlock][95]
-   [RawDraftContentBlock][96]
-   [DraftTreeAdapter][97]
    -   [fromRawTreeStateToRawState][98]
    -   [fromRawStateToRawTreeState][99]
-   [replaceText][100]
-   [editOnBeforeInput][101]
-   [editOnCompositionStart][102]
-   [editOnCopy][103]
-   [editOnCut][104]
-   [editOnDragOver][105]
-   [editOnDragStart][106]
-   [editOnInput][107]
-   [onKeyCommand][108]
-   [editOnKeyDown][109]
-   [editOnPaste][110]
-   [getInlineStyleOverride][111]
-   [getCurrentInlineStyle][112]
-   [constructor][113]
-   [getImmutable][114]
-   [acceptSelection][115]
-   [forceSelection][116]
-   [moveSelectionToEnd][117]
-   [moveFocusToEnd][118]
-   [push][119]
-   [undo][120]
-   [redo][121]
-   [updateSelection][122]
-   [generateNewTreeMap][123]
-   [regenerateTreeForNewBlocks][124]
-   [regenerateTreeForNewDecorator][125]
-   [mustBecomeBoundary][126]
-   [encodeEntityRanges][127]
-   [getEncodedInlinesForType][128]
-   [EntityRange][129]
-   [UnicodeUtils][130]
-   [getLineHeightPx][131]
-   [areRectsOnOneLine][132]
-   [getNodeLength][133]
-   [expandRangeToStartOfLine][134]
-   [findAncestorOffsetKey][135]
-   [findRangesImmutable][136]
-   [getCharacterRemovalRange][137]
-   [getZCommand][138]
-   [getDefaultKeyBinding][139]
-   [getDraftEditorSelection][140]
-   [getDraftEditorSelectionWithNodes][141]
-   [getFirstLeaf][142]
-   [getLastLeaf][143]
-   [getTextContentLength][144]
-   [getEntityKeyForSelection][145]
-   [filterKey][146]
-   [BlockMap][147]
-   [getRangeBoundingClientRect][148]
-   [getRangeClientRects][149]
-   [getRangesForDraftEntity][150]
-   [getSelectionOffsetKeyForNode][151]
-   [getTextAfterNearestEntity][152]
-   [getTextContentFromFiles][153]
-   [readFile][154]
-   [getVisibleSelectionRect][155]
-   [InlineStyleRange][156]
-   [updateHead][157]
-   [updateTail][158]
-   [insertIntoList][159]
-   [isEventHandled][160]
-   [isCtrlKeyCommand][161]
-   [keyCommandBackspaceWord][162]
-   [keyCommandDeleteWord][163]
-   [keyCommandMoveSelectionToEndOfBlock][164]
-   [keyCommandMoveSelectionToStartOfBlock][165]
-   [keyCommandPlainBackspace][166]
-   [keyCommandPlainDelete][167]
-   [keyCommandTransposeCharacters][168]
-   [moveSelectionBackward][169]
-   [moveSelectionForward][170]
-   [RawDraftContentState][171]
-   [RawDraftEntity][172]
-   [getAncestorsKeys][173]
-   [getNextDelimitersBlockKeys][174]
-   [removeFromList][175]
-   [removeTextWithStrategy][176]
-   [onBackspace][177]
-   [toggleInlineStyle][178]
-   [tryToRemoveBlockStyle][179]
-   [SecondaryClipboard][180]
-   [hasEdgeWithin][181]
-   [setDraftEditorSelection][182]
-   [addFocusToSelection][183]

## transformSnapshotProps

This is meant to be used in combination with ReactTestRenderer
to ensure compatibility with running our snapshot tests internally

usage example:

const blockNode = ReactTestRenderer.create(
 &lt;DraftComponentFooBar {...childProps} />,
);

expect(transformSnapshotProps(blockNode.toJSON())).toMatchSnapshot();

## AtomicBlockUtils

AtomicBlockUtils

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.


## generate

Generate a block tree for a given ContentBlock/decorator pair.

**Parameters**

-   `contentState` **ContentState** 
-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `decorator` **[DraftDecoratorType][184]?** 

Returns **List&lt;DecoratorRange>** 

## getFingerprint

Create a string representation of the given tree map. This allows us
to rapidly determine whether a tree has undergone a significant
structural change.

**Parameters**

-   `tree` **List&lt;DecoratorRange>** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

## generateLeaves

Generate LeafRange records for a given character list.

**Parameters**

-   `characters` **List&lt;CharacterMetadata>** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 

Returns **List&lt;LeafRange>** 

## create

Use this function instead of the `CharacterMetadata` constructor.
Since most content generally uses only a very small number of
style/entity permutations, we can reuse these objects as often as
possible.

**Parameters**

-   `config` **CharacterMetadataConfig** 

Returns **CharacterMetadata** 

## CompositeDraftDecorator

A CompositeDraftDecorator traverses through a list of DraftDecorator
instances to identify sections of a ContentBlock that should be rendered
in a "decorated" manner. For example, hashtags, mentions, and links may
be intended to stand out visually, be rendered as anchors, etc.

The list of decorators supplied to the constructor will be used in the
order they are provided. This allows the caller to specify a priority for
string matching, in case of match collisions among decorators.

For instance, I may have a link with a `#` in its text. Though this section
of text may match our hashtag decorator, it should not be treated as a
hashtag. I should therefore list my link DraftDecorator
before my hashtag DraftDecorator when constructing this composite
decorator instance.

Thus, when a collision like this is encountered, the earlier match is
preserved and the new match is discarded.

**Parameters**

-   `decorators` **[Array][187]&lt;[DraftDecorator][188]>** 

## canOccupySlice

Determine whether we can occupy the specified slice of the decorations
array.

**Parameters**

-   `decorations` **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]?>** 
-   `start` **[number][186]** 
-   `end` **[number][186]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## occupySlice

Splice the specified component into our decoration array at the desired
range.

**Parameters**

-   `targetArr` **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]?>** 
-   `start` **[number][186]** 
-   `end` **[number][186]** 
-   `componentKey` **[string][185]** 

Returns **void** 

## findStyleRanges

Execute a callback for every contiguous range of styles within the block.

**Parameters**

-   `filterFn` **function (value: CharacterMetadata): [boolean][189]** 
-   `callback` **function (start: [number][186], end: [number][186]): void** 

Returns **void** 

## findEntityRanges

Execute a callback for every contiguous range of entities within the block.

**Parameters**

-   `filterFn` **function (value: CharacterMetadata): [boolean][189]** 
-   `callback` **function (start: [number][186], end: [number][186]): void** 

Returns **void** 

## containsSemanticBlockMarkup

Check to see if we have anything like `<p>` `<blockquote>` `<h1>`... to create
block tags from. If we do, we can use those and ignore <div> tags. If we
don't, we can treat `<div>` tags as meaningful (unstyled) blocks.

**Parameters**

-   `html` **[string][185]** 
-   `blockTags` **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]>** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## getListItemDepth

If we're pasting from one DraftEditor to another we can check to see if
 existing list item depth classes are being used and preserve this style

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[HTMLElement][190]** 
-   `depth` **[number][186]**  (optional, default `0`)

Returns **[number][186]** 

## updateNodeStack

Node stack is responsible to ensure we traverse the tree only once
in depth order, while also providing parent refs to inner nodes to
construct their links.

**Parameters**

-   `stack` **[Array][187]&lt;any>** 
-   `nodes` **[Array][187]&lt;any>** 
-   `parentRef` **ContentBlockNode** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;any>** 

## decodeContentBlockNodes

This will build a tree draft content state by creating the node
reference links into a single tree walk. Each node has a link
reference to "parent", "children", "nextSibling" and "prevSibling"
blockMap will be created using depth ordering.

**Parameters**

-   `blocks` **[Array][187]&lt;[RawDraftContentBlock][191]>** 
-   `entityMap` **any** 

Returns **[BlockMap][192]** 

## decodeEntityRanges

Convert to native JavaScript string lengths to determine ranges.

**Parameters**

-   `text` **[string][185]** 
-   `ranges` **[Array][187]&lt;[Object][193]>** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]?>** 

## decodeInlineStyleRanges

Convert to native JavaScript string lengths to determine ranges.

**Parameters**

-   `text` **[string][185]** 
-   `ranges` **[Array][187]&lt;[Object][193]>** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;DraftInlineStyle>** 

## CoreDraftBlockType

The list of default valid block types.

Type: (`"unstyled"` \| `"paragraph"` \| `"header-one"` \| `"header-two"` \| `"header-three"` \| `"header-four"` \| `"header-five"` \| `"header-six"` \| `"unordered-list-item"` \| `"ordered-list-item"` \| `"blockquote"` \| `"code-block"` \| `"atomic"`)

## CustomBlockType

User defined types can be of any valid string.

Type: [string][185]

## DraftDecorator

A DraftDecorator is a strategy-component pair intended for use when
rendering content.

-   A "strategy": A function that accepts a ContentBlock object and
    continuously executes a callback with start/end values corresponding to
    relevant matches in the document text. For example, getHashtagMatches
    uses a hashtag regex to find hashtag strings in the block, and
    for each hashtag match, executes the callback with start/end pairs.

-   A "component": A React component that will be used to render the
    "decorated" section of text.

-   "props": Props to be passed into the React component that will be used.

Type: {strategy: DraftDecoratorStrategy, component: [Function][194], props: [Object][193]?}

**Properties**

-   `strategy` **DraftDecoratorStrategy** 
-   `component` **[Function][194]** 
-   `props` **[Object][193]?** 

## DraftDecoratorType

An interface for document decorator classes, allowing the creation of
custom decorator classes.

See `CompositeDraftDecorator` for the most common use case.

Type: {getDecorations: function (block: BlockNodeRecord, contentState: ContentState): List&lt;[string][185]?>, getComponentForKey: function (key: [string][185]): [Function][194], getPropsForKey: function (key: [string][185]): [Object][193]?}

**Properties**

-   `getDecorations` **function (block: BlockNodeRecord, contentState: ContentState): List&lt;[string][185]?>** 
-   `getComponentForKey` **function (key: [string][185]): [Function][194]** 
-   `getPropsForKey` **function (key: [string][185]): [Object][193]?** 

## getDecorations

Given a `ContentBlock`, return an immutable List of decorator keys.

## 

Given a decorator key, return the component to use when rendering
this decorated range.

## 

Given a decorator key, optionally return the props to use when rendering
this decorated range.

## DraftDragType

A type that allows us to avoid passing boolean arguments
around to indicate whether a drag type is internal or external.

Type: (`"internal"` \| `"external"`)

## DraftEditor

**Extends React.Component**

`DraftEditor` is the root editor component. It composes a `contentEditable`
div, and provides a wide variety of useful function props for managing the
state of the editor. See `DraftEditorProps` for details.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **DraftEditorProps** 

### \_onBeforeInput

Define proxies that can route events to the current handler.

Type: [Function][194]

### \_buildHandler

Build a method that will pass the event to the specified handler method.
This allows us to look up the correct handler function for the current
editor mode, if any has been specified.

**Parameters**

-   `eventName` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[Function][194]** 

### componentWillUpdate

Prevent selection events from affecting the current editor state. This
is mostly intended to defend against IE, which fires off `selectionchange`
events regardless of whether the selection is set via the browser or
programmatically. We only care about selection events that occur because
of browser interaction, not re-renders and forced selections.

**Parameters**

-   `nextProps` **DraftEditorProps** 

Returns **void** 

### focus

Used via `this.focus()`.

Force focus back onto the editor node.

We attempt to preserve scroll position when focusing. You can also pass
a specified scroll position (for cases like `cut` behavior where it should
be restored to a known position).

**Parameters**

-   `scrollPosition` **DraftScrollPosition** 

Returns **void** 

### setMode

Used via `this.setMode(...)`.

Set the behavior mode for the editor component. This switches the current
handler module to ensure that DOM events are managed appropriately for
the active mode.

**Parameters**

-   `mode` **DraftEditorModes** 

Returns **void** 

### restoreEditorDOM

Used via `this.restoreEditorDOM()`.

Force a complete re-render of the DraftEditorContents based on the current
EditorState. This is useful when we know we are going to lose control of
the DOM state (cut command, IME) and we want to make sure that
reconciliation occurs on a version of the DOM that is synchronized with
our EditorState.

**Parameters**

-   `scrollPosition` **DraftScrollPosition** 

Returns **void** 

### setClipboard

Used via `this.setClipboard(...)`.

Set the clipboard state for a cut/copy event.

**Parameters**

-   `clipboard` **[BlockMap][192]?** 

Returns **void** 

### getClipboard

Used via `this.getClipboard()`.

Retrieve the clipboard state for a cut/copy event.

Returns **[BlockMap][192]?** 

### update

Used via `this.update(...)`.

Propagate a new `EditorState` object to higher-level components. This is
the method by which event handlers inform the `DraftEditor` component of
state changes. A component that composes a `DraftEditor` **must** provide
an `onChange` prop to receive state updates passed along from this
function.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **void** 

### onDragEnter

Used in conjunction with `onDragLeave()`, by counting the number of times
a dragged element enters and leaves the editor (or any of its children),
to determine when the dragged element absolutely leaves the editor.

Returns **void** 

### onDragLeave

See `onDragEnter()`.

Returns **void** 

## isIE

IE has a hardcoded "feature" that attempts to convert link text into
anchors in contentEditable DOM. This breaks the editor's expectations of
the DOM, and control is lost. Disable it to make IE behave.
See: [http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ieinternals/archive/2010/09/15/][195]
ie9-beta-minor-change-list.aspx

## isBlockOnSelectionEdge

Return whether a block overlaps with either edge of the `SelectionState`.

**Parameters**

-   `selection` **SelectionState** 
-   `key` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## isBlockOnSelectionEdge

Return whether a block overlaps with either edge of the `SelectionState`.

**Parameters**

-   `selection` **SelectionState** 
-   `key` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## DraftEditorBlock

**Extends React.Component**

The default block renderer for a `DraftEditor` component.

A `DraftEditorBlock` is able to render a given `ContentBlock` to its
appropriate decorator and inline style components.

### componentDidMount

When a block is mounted and overlaps the selection state, we need to make
sure that the cursor is visible to match native behavior. This may not
be the case if the user has pressed `RETURN` or pasted some content, since
programatically creating these new blocks and setting the DOM selection
will miss out on the browser natively scrolling to that position.

To replicate native behavior, if the block overlaps the selection state
on mount, force the scroll position. Check the scroll state of the scroll
parent, and adjust it to align the entire block to the bottom of the
scroll parent.

Returns **void** 

## shouldNotAddWrapperElement

We will use this helper to identify blocks that need to be wrapped but have siblings that
also share the same wrapper element, this way we can do the wrapping once the last sibling
is added.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `contentState` **ContentState** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## componentDidMount

When a block is mounted and overlaps the selection state, we need to make
sure that the cursor is visible to match native behavior. This may not
be the case if the user has pressed `RETURN` or pasted some content, since
programatically creating these new blocks and setting the DOM selection
will miss out on the browser natively scrolling to that position.

To replicate native behavior, if the block overlaps the selection state
on mount, force the scroll position. Check the scroll state of the scroll
parent, and adjust it to align the entire block to the bottom of the
scroll parent.

Returns **void** 

## DraftEditorCommand

A set of editor commands that may be invoked by keyboard commands or UI
controls. These commands should map to operations that modify content or
selection state and update the editor state accordingly.

Type: (`"undo"` \| `"redo"` \| `"delete"` \| `"delete-word"` \| `"backspace"` \| `"backspace-word"` \| `"backspace-to-start-of-line"` \| `"bold"` \| `"italic"` \| `"underline"` \| `"code"` \| `"split-block"` \| `"transpose-characters"` \| `"move-selection-to-start-of-block"` \| `"move-selection-to-end-of-block"` \| `"secondary-cut"` \| `"secondary-paste"`)

## 

Self-explanatory.

## 

Perform a forward deletion.

## 

Perform a forward deletion to the next word boundary after the selection.

## 

Perform a backward deletion.

## 

Perform a backward deletion to the previous word boundary before the
selection.

## 

Perform a backward deletion to the beginning of the current line.

## 

Toggle styles. Commands may be intepreted to modify inline text ranges
or block types.

## 

Split a block in two.

## 

Self-explanatory.

## 

Commands to support the "secondary" clipboard provided by certain
browsers and operating systems.

## RESOLVE_DELAY

Millisecond delay to allow `compositionstart` to fire again upon
`compositionend`.

This is used for Korean input to ensure that typing can continue without
the editor trying to render too quickly. More specifically, Safari 7.1+
triggers `compositionstart` a little slower than Chrome/FF, which
leads to composed characters being resolved and re-render occurring
sooner than we want.

Type: [number][186]

## resolved

A handful of variables used to track the current composition and its
resolution status. These exist at the module level because it is not
possible to have compositions occurring in multiple editors simultaneously,
and it simplifies state management with respect to the DraftEditor component.

## onCompositionStart

A `compositionstart` event has fired while we're still in composition
mode. Continue the current composition session to prevent a re-render.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## onCompositionEnd

Attempt to end the current composition session.

Defer handling because browser will still insert the chars into active
element after `compositionend`. If a `compositionstart` event fires
before `resolveComposition` executes, our composition session will
continue.

The `resolved` flag is useful because certain IME interfaces fire the
`compositionend` event multiple times, thus queueing up multiple attempts
at handling the composition. Since handling the same composition event
twice could break the DOM, we only use the first event. Example: Arabic
Google Input Tools on Windows 8.1 fires `compositionend` three times.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## onKeyDown

In Safari, keydown events may fire when committing compositions. If
the arrow keys are used to commit, prevent default so that the cursor
doesn't move, otherwise it will jump back noticeably on re-render.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## onKeyPress

Keypress events may fire when committing compositions. In Firefox,
pressing RETURN commits the composition and inserts extra newline
characters that we do not want. `preventDefault` allows the composition
to be committed while preventing the extra characters.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## resolveComposition

Attempt to insert composed characters into the document.

If we are still in a composition session, do nothing. Otherwise, insert
the characters into the document and terminate the composition session.

If no characters were composed -- for instance, the user
deleted all composed characters and committed nothing new --
force a re-render. We also re-render when the composition occurs
at the beginning of a leaf, to ensure that if the browser has
created a new text node for the composition, we will discard it.

Resetting innerHTML will move focus to the beginning of the editor,
so we update to force it back to the correct place.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## getListItemClasses

Provide default styling for list items. This way, lists will be styled with
proper counters and indentation even if the caller does not specify
their own styling at all. If more than five levels of nesting are needed,
the necessary CSS classes can be provided via `blockStyleFn` configuration.

**Parameters**

-   `type` **[string][185]** 
-   `depth` **[number][186]** 
-   `shouldResetCount` **[boolean][189]** 
-   `direction` **BidiDirection** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

## DraftEditorContents

**Extends React.Component**

`DraftEditorContents` is the container component for all block components
rendered for a `DraftEditor`. It is optimized to aggressively avoid
re-rendering blocks whenever possible.

This component is separate from `DraftEditor` because certain props
(for instance, ARIA props) must be allowed to update without affecting
the contents of the editor.

## DraftEditorContentsExperimental

**Extends React.Component**

`DraftEditorContents` is the container component for all block components
rendered for a `DraftEditor`. It is optimized to aggressively avoid
re-rendering blocks whenever possible.

This component is separate from `DraftEditor` because certain props
(for instance, ARIA props) must be allowed to update without affecting
the contents of the editor.

## getSelectionForEvent

Get a SelectionState for the supplied mouse event.

**Parameters**

-   `event` **[Object][193]** 
-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **SelectionState?** 

## onDragEnd

Drag originating from input terminated.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## onDrop

Handle data being dropped.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **[Object][193]** 

Returns **void** 

## insertTextAtSelection

Insert text at a specified selection.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `selection` **SelectionState** 
-   `text` **[string][185]** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## DraftEditorLeaf

**Extends React.Component**

All leaf nodes in the editor are spans with single text nodes. Leaf
elements are styled based on the merging of an optional custom style map
and a default style map.

`DraftEditorLeaf` also provides a wrapper for calling into the imperative
DOM Selection API. In this way, top-level components can declaratively
maintain the selection state.

### leaf

By making individual leaf instances aware of their context within
the text of the editor, we can set our selection range more
easily than we could in the non-React world.

Note that this depends on our maintaining tight control over the
DOM structure of the DraftEditor component. If leaves had multiple
text nodes, this would be harder.

Type: [HTMLElement][190]?

## 

`edit` is the most common mode for text entry. This includes most typing,
deletion, cut/copy/paste, and other behaviors.

## 

`composite` mode handles IME text entry.

## 

`drag` mode handles editor behavior while a drag event is occurring.

## 

`cut` mode allows us to effectively ignore all edit behaviors while the`browser performs a native`cut\` operation on the DOM.

## 

`render` mode is the normal "null" mode, during which no edit behavior is
expected or observed.

## DraftEditorPlaceholder

**Extends React.Component**

This component is responsible for rendering placeholder text for the
`DraftEditor` component.

Override placeholder style via CSS.

## editorState

The two most critical props are `editorState` and `onChange`.

The `editorState` prop defines the entire state of the editor, while the
`onChange` prop is the method in which all state changes are propagated
upward to higher-level components.

These props are analogous to `value` and `onChange` in controlled React
text inputs.

## 

Cancelable event handlers, handled from the top level down. A handler
that returns `handled` will be the last handler to execute for that event.

## 

Non-cancelable event triggers.

## isNewline

Check whether the node should be considered a newline.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[Element][197]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## NEWLINE_A

Placeholder elements for empty text content.

What is this `data-text` attribute, anyway? It turns out that we need to
put an attribute on the lowest-level text node in order to preserve correct
spellcheck handling. If the `<span>` is naked, Chrome and Safari may do
bizarre things to do the DOM -- split text nodes, create extra spans, etc.
If the `<span>` has an attribute, this appears not to happen.
See [http://jsfiddle.net/9khdavod/][198] for the failure case, and
[http://jsfiddle.net/7pg143f7/][199] for the fixed case.

## DraftEditorTextNode

**Extends React.Component**

The lowest-level component in a `DraftEditor`, the text node component
replaces the default React text node implementation. This allows us to
perform custom handling of newline behavior and avoid re-rendering text
nodes with DOM state that already matches the expectations of our immutable
editor state.

**Parameters**

-   `props` **Props** 

## DraftEntityMutability

An enum representing the possible "mutability" options for an entity.
This refers to the behavior that should occur when inserting or removing
characters in a text range with an entity applied to it.

`MUTABLE`:
  The text range can be modified freely. Generally used in cases where
  the text content and the entity do not necessarily have a direct
  relationship. For instance, the text and URI for a link may be completely
  different. The user is allowed to edit the text as needed, and the entity
  is preserved and applied to any characters added within the range.

`IMMUTABLE`:
  Not to be confused with immutable data structures used to represent the
  state of the editor. Immutable entity ranges cannot be modified in any
  way. Adding characters within the range will remove the entity from the
  entire range. Deleting characters will delete the entire range. Example:
  Facebook Page mentions.

`SEGMENTED`:
  Segmented entities allow the removal of partial ranges of text, as
  separated by a delimiter. Adding characters within the range will remove
  the entity from the entire range. Deleting characters within a segmented
  entity will delete only the segments affected by the deletion. Example:
  Facebook User mentions.

Type: $Keys&lt;any>

## logWarning

Temporary utility for generating the warnings

**Parameters**

-   `oldMethodCall`  
-   `newMethodCall`  

## DraftEntity

A "document entity" is an object containing metadata associated with a
piece of text in a ContentBlock.

For example, a `link` entity might include a `uri` property. When a
ContentBlock is rendered in the browser, text that refers to that link
entity may be rendered as an anchor, with the `uri` as the href value.

In a ContentBlock, every position in the text may correspond to zero
or one entities. This correspondence is tracked using a key string,
generated via DraftEntity.create() and used to obtain entity metadata
via DraftEntity.get().

Type: DraftEntityMapObject

### getLastCreatedEntityKey

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.getLastCreatedEntityKey' instead.

Get the random key string from whatever entity was last created.
We need this to support the new API, as part of transitioning to put Entity
storage in contentState.

Returns **[string][185]** 

### create

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.createEntity' instead.

Create a DraftEntityInstance and store it for later retrieval.

A random key string will be generated and returned. This key may
be used to track the entity's usage in a ContentBlock, and for
retrieving data about the entity at render time.

**Parameters**

-   `type` **DraftEntityType** 
-   `mutability` **[DraftEntityMutability][200]** 
-   `data` **[Object][193]** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

### add

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.addEntity' instead.

Add an existing DraftEntityInstance to the DraftEntity map. This is
useful when restoring instances from the server.

**Parameters**

-   `instance` **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

### get

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.getEntity' instead.

Retrieve the entity corresponding to the supplied key string.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

### mergeData

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.mergeEntityData' instead.

Entity instances are immutable. If you need to update the data for an
instance, this method will merge your data updates and return a new
instance.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 
-   `toMerge` **{}** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

### replaceData

WARNING: This method will be deprecated soon!

## Please use 'contentState.replaceEntityData' instead.

Completely replace the data for a given instance.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 
-   `newData` **{}** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

### \_\_getLastCreatedEntityKey

Get the random key string from whatever entity was last created.
We need this to support the new API, as part of transitioning to put Entity
storage in contentState.

Returns **[string][185]** 

### \_\_create

Create a DraftEntityInstance and store it for later retrieval.

A random key string will be generated and returned. This key may
be used to track the entity's usage in a ContentBlock, and for
retrieving data about the entity at render time.

**Parameters**

-   `type` **DraftEntityType** 
-   `mutability` **[DraftEntityMutability][200]** 
-   `data` **[Object][193]** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

### \_\_add

Add an existing DraftEntityInstance to the DraftEntity map. This is
useful when restoring instances from the server.

**Parameters**

-   `instance` **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

### \_\_get

Retrieve the entity corresponding to the supplied key string.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

### \_\_mergeData

Entity instances are immutable. If you need to update the data for an
instance, this method will merge your data updates and return a new
instance.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 
-   `toMerge` **{}** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

### \_\_replaceData

Completely replace the data for a given instance.

**Parameters**

-   `key` **[string][185]** 
-   `newData` **{}** 

Returns **[DraftEntityInstance][201]** 

## DraftEntityInstance

**Extends DraftEntityInstanceRecord**

An instance of a document entity, consisting of a `type` and relevant
`data`, metadata about the entity.

For instance, a "link" entity might provide a URI, and a "mention"
entity might provide the mentioned user's ID. These pieces of data
may be used when rendering the entity as part of a ContentBlock DOM
representation. For a link, the data would be used as an href for
the rendered anchor. For a mention, the ID could be used to retrieve
a hovercard.

## DraftEntitySegments

Identify the range to delete from a segmented entity.

Rules:

 Example: 'John F. Kennedy'

-   Deletion from within any non-whitespace (i.e. ['John', 'F.', 'Kennedy'])
    will return the range of that text.

      'John F. Kennedy' -> 'John F.'
                 ^

-   Forward deletion of whitespace will remove the following section:

      'John F. Kennedy' -> 'John Kennedy'
           ^

-   Backward deletion of whitespace will remove the previous section:

      'John F. Kennedy' -> 'F. Kennedy'
           ^

## DraftHandleValue

A type that allows us to avoid returning boolean values
to indicate whether an event was handled or not.

Type: (`"handled"` \| `"not-handled"`)

## DraftInsertionType

A type that defines if an fragment shall be inserted before or after
another fragment or if the selected fragment shall be replaced

Type: (`"replace"` \| `"before"` \| `"after"`)

## DraftModifier

`DraftModifier` provides a set of convenience methods that apply
modifications to a `ContentState` object based on a target `SelectionState`.

Any change to a `ContentState` should be decomposable into a series of
transaction functions that apply the required changes and return output
`ContentState` objects.

These functions encapsulate some of the most common transaction sequences.

## DraftRange

DraftRange

Type: {start: [number][186], end: [number][186]}

**Properties**

-   `start` **[number][186]** 
-   `end` **[number][186]** 

## DraftRemovalDirection

A type that allows us to avoid passing boolean arguments
around to indicate whether a deletion is forward or backward.

Type: (`"backward"` \| `"forward"`)

## RawDraftContentBlock

A plain object representation of a ContentBlock, with all style and entity
attribution repackaged as range objects.

Type: {key: [string][185]?, type: DraftBlockType, text: [string][185], depth: [number][186]?, inlineStyleRanges: [Array][187]&lt;[InlineStyleRange][202]>?, entityRanges: [Array][187]&lt;[EntityRange][203]>?, data: [Object][193]?, children: [Array][187]&lt;[RawDraftContentBlock][191]>?}

**Properties**

-   `key` **[string][185]?** 
-   `type` **DraftBlockType** 
-   `text` **[string][185]** 
-   `depth` **[number][186]?** 
-   `inlineStyleRanges` **[Array][187]&lt;[InlineStyleRange][202]>?** 
-   `entityRanges` **[Array][187]&lt;[EntityRange][203]>?** 
-   `data` **[Object][193]?** 
-   `children` **[Array][187]&lt;[RawDraftContentBlock][191]>?** 

## DraftTreeAdapter

This adapter is intended to be be used as an adapter to draft tree data

draft state &lt;=====> draft tree state

### fromRawTreeStateToRawState

Converts from a tree raw state back to  draft raw state

**Parameters**

-   `draftTreeState` **[RawDraftContentState][204]** 

Returns **[RawDraftContentState][204]** 

### fromRawStateToRawTreeState

Converts from draft raw state to tree draft state

**Parameters**

-   `draftState` **[RawDraftContentState][204]** 

Returns **[RawDraftContentState][204]** 

## replaceText

Replace the current selection with the specified text string, with the
inline style and entity key applied to the newly inserted text.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `text` **[string][185]** 
-   `inlineStyle` **DraftInlineStyle** 
-   `entityKey` **[string][185]?** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## editOnBeforeInput

When `onBeforeInput` executes, the browser is attempting to insert a
character into the editor. Apply this character data to the document,
allowing native insertion if possible.

Native insertion is encouraged in order to limit re-rendering and to
preserve spellcheck highlighting, which disappears or flashes if re-render
occurs on the relevant text nodes.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticInputEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnCompositionStart

The user has begun using an IME input system. Switching to `composite` mode
allows handling composition input and disables other edit behavior.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnCopy

If we have a selection, create a ContentState fragment and store
it in our internal clipboard. Subsequent paste events will use this
fragment if no external clipboard data is supplied.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticClipboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnCut

On `cut` events, native behavior is allowed to occur so that the system
clipboard is set properly. This means that we need to take steps to recover
the editor DOM state after the `cut` has occurred in order to maintain
control of the component.

In addition, we can keep a copy of the removed fragment, including all
styles and entities, for use as an internal paste.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticClipboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnDragOver

Drag behavior has begun from outside the editor element.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticDragEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnDragStart

A `dragstart` event has begun within the text editor component.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnInput

This function is intended to handle spellcheck and autocorrect changes,
which occur in the DOM natively without any opportunity to observe or
interpret the changes before they occur.

The `input` event fires in contentEditable elements reliably for non-IE
browsers, immediately after changes occur to the editor DOM. Since our other
handlers override or otherwise handle cover other varieties of text input,
the DOM state should match the model in all controlled input cases. Thus,
when an `input` change leads to a DOM/model mismatch, the change should be
due to a spellcheck change, and we can incorporate it into our model.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 

Returns **void** 

## onKeyCommand

Map a `DraftEditorCommand` command value to a corresponding function.

**Parameters**

-   `command` **([DraftEditorCommand][205] \| [string][185])** 
-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## editOnKeyDown

Intercept keydown behavior to handle keys and commands manually, if desired.

Keydown combinations may be mapped to `DraftCommand` values, which may
correspond to command functions that modify the editor or its contents.

See `getDefaultKeyBinding` for defaults. Alternatively, the top-level
component may provide a custom mapping via the `keyBindingFn` prop.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## editOnPaste

Paste content.

**Parameters**

-   `editor` **[DraftEditor][196]** 
-   `e` **SyntheticClipboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **void** 

## getInlineStyleOverride

While editing, the user may apply inline style commands with a collapsed
cursor, intending to type text that adopts the specified style. In this
case, we track the specified style as an "override" that takes precedence
over the inline style of the text adjacent to the cursor.

If null, there is no override in place.

Returns **DraftInlineStyle?** 

## getCurrentInlineStyle

Get the appropriate inline style for the editor state. If an
override is in place, use it. Otherwise, the current style is
based on the location of the selection state.

Returns **DraftInlineStyle** 

## constructor

Not for public consumption.

**Parameters**

-   `immutable` **EditorStateRecord** 

## getImmutable

Not for public consumption.

Returns **EditorStateRecord** 

## acceptSelection

Incorporate native DOM selection changes into the EditorState. This
method can be used when we simply want to accept whatever the DOM
has given us to represent selection, and we do not need to re-render
the editor.

To forcibly move the DOM selection, see `EditorState.forceSelection`.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `selection` **SelectionState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## forceSelection

At times, we need to force the DOM selection to be where we
need it to be. This can occur when the anchor or focus nodes
are non-text nodes, for instance. In this case, we want to trigger
a re-render of the editor, which in turn forces selection into
the correct place in the DOM. The `forceSelection` method
accomplishes this.

This method should be used in cases where you need to explicitly
move the DOM selection from one place to another without a change
in ContentState.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `selection` **SelectionState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## moveSelectionToEnd

Move selection to the end of the editor without forcing focus.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## moveFocusToEnd

Force focus to the end of the editor. This is useful in scenarios
where we want to programmatically focus the input and it makes sense
to allow the user to continue working seamlessly.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## push

Push the current ContentState onto the undo stack if it should be
considered a boundary state, and set the provided ContentState as the
new current content.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `contentState` **ContentState** 
-   `changeType` **EditorChangeType** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## undo

Make the top ContentState in the undo stack the new current content and
push the current content onto the redo stack.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## redo

Make the top ContentState in the redo stack the new current content and
push the current content onto the undo stack.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## updateSelection

Set the supplied SelectionState as the new current selection, and set
the `force` flag to trigger manual selection placement by the view.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `selection` **SelectionState** 
-   `forceSelection` **[boolean][189]** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## generateNewTreeMap

Regenerate the entire tree map for a given ContentState and decorator.
Returns an OrderedMap that maps all available ContentBlock objects.

**Parameters**

-   `contentState` **ContentState** 
-   `decorator` **[DraftDecoratorType][184]?** 

Returns **OrderedMap&lt;[string][185], List&lt;any>>** 

## regenerateTreeForNewBlocks

Regenerate tree map objects for all ContentBlocks that have changed
between the current editorState and newContent. Returns an OrderedMap
with only changed regenerated tree map objects.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `newBlockMap` **[BlockMap][192]** 
-   `newEntityMap` **EntityMap** 
-   `decorator` **[DraftDecoratorType][184]?** 

Returns **OrderedMap&lt;[string][185], List&lt;any>>** 

## regenerateTreeForNewDecorator

Generate tree map objects for a new decorator object, preserving any
decorations that are unchanged from the previous decorator.

Note that in order for this to perform optimally, decoration Lists for
decorators should be preserved when possible to allow for direct immutable
List comparison.

**Parameters**

-   `content` **ContentState** 
-   `blockMap` **[BlockMap][192]** 
-   `previousTreeMap` **OrderedMap&lt;[string][185], List&lt;any>>** 
-   `decorator` **[DraftDecoratorType][184]** 
-   `existingDecorator` **[DraftDecoratorType][184]** 

Returns **OrderedMap&lt;[string][185], List&lt;any>>** 

## mustBecomeBoundary

Return whether a change should be considered a boundary state, given
the previous change type. Allows us to discard potential boundary states
during standard typing or deletion behavior.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `changeType` **EditorChangeType** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## encodeEntityRanges

Convert to UTF-8 character counts for storage.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `storageMap` **[Object][193]** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[EntityRange][203]>** 

## getEncodedInlinesForType

Helper function for getting encoded styles for each inline style. Convert
to UTF-8 character counts for storage.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `styleList` **List&lt;DraftInlineStyle>** 
-   `styleToEncode` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[InlineStyleRange][202]>** 

## EntityRange

A plain object representation of an entity attribution.

The `key` value corresponds to the key of the entity in the `entityMap` of
a `ComposedText` object, not for use with `DraftEntity.get()`.

Type: {key: [number][186], offset: [number][186], length: [number][186]}

**Properties**

-   `key` **[number][186]** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 
-   `length` **[number][186]** 

## getLineHeightPx

Return the computed line height, in pixels, for the provided element.

**Parameters**

-   `element` **[Element][197]** 

Returns **[number][186]** 

## areRectsOnOneLine

Return whether every ClientRect in the provided list lies on the same line.

We assume that the rects on the same line all contain the baseline, so the
lowest top line needs to be above the highest bottom line (i.e., if you were
to project the rects onto the y-axis, their intersection would be nonempty).

In addition, we require that no two boxes are lineHeight (or more) apart at
either top or bottom, which helps protect against false positives for fonts
with extremely large glyph heights (e.g., with a font size of 17px, Zapfino
produces rects of height 58px!).

**Parameters**

-   `rects` **[Array][187]&lt;ClientRect>** 
-   `lineHeight` **[number][186]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## getNodeLength

Return the length of a node, as used by Range offsets.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[Node][206]** 

Returns **[number][186]** 

## expandRangeToStartOfLine

Given a collapsed range, move the start position backwards as far as
possible while the range still spans only a single line.

**Parameters**

-   `range` **[Range][207]** 

Returns **[Range][207]** 

## findAncestorOffsetKey

Get the key from the node's nearest offset-aware ancestor.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[Node][206]** 

Returns **[string][185]?** 

## findRangesImmutable

Search through an array to find contiguous stretches of elements that
match a specified filter function.

When ranges are found, execute a specified `found` function to supply
the values to the caller.

**Parameters**

-   `haystack` **List&lt;T>** 
-   `areEqualFn` **function (a: T, b: T): [boolean][189]** 
-   `filterFn` **function (value: T): [boolean][189]** 
-   `foundFn` **function (start: [number][186], end: [number][186]): void** 

Returns **void** 

## getCharacterRemovalRange

Given a SelectionState and a removal direction, determine the entire range
that should be removed from a ContentState. This is based on any entities
within the target, with their `mutability` values taken into account.

For instance, if we are attempting to remove part of an "immutable" entity
range, the entire entity must be removed. The returned `SelectionState`
will be adjusted accordingly.

**Parameters**

-   `entityMap` **EntityMap** 
-   `startBlock` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `endBlock` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `selectionState` **SelectionState** 
-   `direction` **[DraftRemovalDirection][208]** 

Returns **SelectionState** 

## getZCommand

Get the appropriate undo/redo command for a Z key command.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **[DraftEditorCommand][205]?** 

## getDefaultKeyBinding

Retrieve a bound key command for the given event.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **[DraftEditorCommand][205]?** 

## getDraftEditorSelection

Convert the current selection range to an anchor/focus pair of offset keys
and values that can be interpreted by components.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `root` **[HTMLElement][190]** 

Returns **DOMDerivedSelection** 

## getDraftEditorSelectionWithNodes

Convert the current selection range to an anchor/focus pair of offset keys
and values that can be interpreted by components.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `root` **[HTMLElement][190]?** 
-   `anchorNode` **[Node][206]** 
-   `anchorOffset` **[number][186]** 
-   `focusNode` **[Node][206]** 
-   `focusOffset` **[number][186]** 

Returns **DOMDerivedSelection** 

## getFirstLeaf

Identify the first leaf descendant for the given node.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **any** 

Returns **[Node][206]** 

## getLastLeaf

Identify the last leaf descendant for the given node.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **any** 

Returns **[Node][206]** 

## getTextContentLength

Return the length of a node's textContent, regarding single newline
characters as zero-length. This allows us to avoid problems with identifying
the correct selection offset for empty blocks in IE, in which we
render newlines instead of break tags.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[Node][206]** 

Returns **[number][186]** 

## getEntityKeyForSelection

Return the entity key that should be used when inserting text for the
specified target selection, only if the entity is `MUTABLE`. `IMMUTABLE`
and `SEGMENTED` entities should not be used for insertion behavior.

**Parameters**

-   `contentState` **ContentState** 
-   `targetSelection` **SelectionState** 

Returns **[string][185]?** 

## filterKey

Determine whether an entity key corresponds to a `MUTABLE` entity. If so,
return it. If not, return null.

**Parameters**

-   `entityMap` **EntityMap** 
-   `entityKey` **[string][185]?** 

Returns **[string][185]?** 

## getRangeBoundingClientRect

Like range.getBoundingClientRect() but normalizes for browser bugs.

**Parameters**

-   `range` **[Range][207]** 

Returns **FakeClientRect** 

## getRangeClientRects

Like range.getClientRects() but normalizes for browser bugs.

## getRangesForDraftEntity

Obtain the start and end positions of the range that has the
specified entity applied to it.

Entity keys are applied only to contiguous stretches of text, so this
method searches for the first instance of the entity key and returns
the subsequent range.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `key` **[string][185]** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[DraftRange][209]>** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## getSelectionOffsetKeyForNode

Get offset key from a node or it's child nodes. Return the first offset key
found on the DOM tree of given node.

**Parameters**

-   `node` **[Node][206]** 

Returns **[string][185]?** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## getTextAfterNearestEntity

Find the string of text between the previous entity and the specified
offset. This allows us to narrow down search areas for regex matching.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 

Returns **[string][185]** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## getTextContentFromFiles

Extract the text content from a file list.

**Parameters**

-   `files` **[Array][187]&lt;File>** 
-   `callback` **function (contents: [string][185]): void** 

Returns **void** 

## readFile

todo isaac: Do work to turn html/rtf into a content fragment.

**Parameters**

-   `file` **File** 
-   `callback` **function (contents: [string][185]): void** 

Returns **void** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## getVisibleSelectionRect

Return the bounding ClientRect for the visible DOM selection, if any.
In cases where there are no selected ranges or the bounding rect is
temporarily invalid, return null.

**Parameters**

-   `global` **any** 

Returns **FakeClientRect?** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## InlineStyleRange

A plain object representation of an inline style range.

Type: {style: [string][185], offset: [number][186], length: [number][186]}

**Properties**

-   `style` **[string][185]** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 
-   `length` **[number][186]** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## updateHead

Appends text/characterList from the fragment first block to
target block.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `targetOffset` **[number][186]** 
-   `fragment` **[BlockMap][192]** 

Returns **BlockNodeRecord** 

## updateTail

Appends offset text/characterList from the target block to the last
fragment block.

**Parameters**

-   `block` **BlockNodeRecord** 
-   `targetOffset` **[number][186]** 
-   `fragment` **[BlockMap][192]** 

Returns **BlockNodeRecord** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## insertIntoList

Maintain persistence for target list when appending and prepending.

**Parameters**

-   `targetList` **List&lt;T>** 
-   `toInsert` **List&lt;T>** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 

Returns **List&lt;T>** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## isEventHandled

Utility method for determining whether or not the value returned
from a handler indicates that it was handled.

**Parameters**

-   `value` **[DraftHandleValue][210]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## isCtrlKeyCommand

Check whether the ctrlKey modifier is _not_ being used in conjunction with
the altKey modifier. If they are combined, the result is an `altGraph`
key modifier, which should not be handled by this set of key bindings.

**Parameters**

-   `e` **SyntheticKeyboardEvent&lt;>** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandBackspaceWord

Delete the word that is left of the cursor, as well as any spaces or
punctuation after the word.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandDeleteWord

Delete the word that is right of the cursor, as well as any spaces or
punctuation before the word.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandMoveSelectionToEndOfBlock

See comment for `moveSelectionToStartOfBlock`.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandMoveSelectionToStartOfBlock

Collapse selection at the start of the first selected block. This is used
for Firefox versions that attempt to navigate forward/backward instead of
moving the cursor. Other browsers are able to move the cursor natively.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandPlainBackspace

Remove the selected range. If the cursor is collapsed, remove the preceding
character. This operation is Unicode-aware, so removing a single character
will remove a surrogate pair properly as well.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandPlainDelete

Remove the selected range. If the cursor is collapsed, remove the following
character. This operation is Unicode-aware, so removing a single character
will remove a surrogate pair properly as well.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## keyCommandTransposeCharacters

Transpose the characters on either side of a collapsed cursor, or
if the cursor is at the end of the block, transpose the last two
characters.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## moveSelectionBackward

Given a collapsed selection, move the focus `maxDistance` backward within
the selected block. If the selection will go beyond the start of the block,
move focus to the end of the previous block, but no further.

This function is not Unicode-aware, so surrogate pairs will be treated
as having length 2.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `maxDistance` **[number][186]** 

Returns **SelectionState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## moveSelectionForward

Given a collapsed selection, move the focus `maxDistance` forward within
the selected block. If the selection will go beyond the end of the block,
move focus to the start of the next block, but no further.

This function is not Unicode-aware, so surrogate pairs will be treated
as having length 2.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `maxDistance` **[number][186]** 

Returns **SelectionState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## RawDraftContentState

A type that represents a composed document as vanilla JavaScript objects,
with all styles and entities represented as ranges. Corresponding entity
objects are packaged as objects as well.

This object is especially useful when sending the document state to the
server for storage, as its representation is more concise than our
immutable objects.

Type: {blocks: [Array][187]&lt;[RawDraftContentBlock][191]>, entityMap: {}}

**Properties**

-   `blocks` **[Array][187]&lt;[RawDraftContentBlock][191]>** 
-   `entityMap` **{}** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## RawDraftEntity

A plain object representation of an EntityInstance.

Type: {type: DraftEntityType, mutability: [DraftEntityMutability][200], data: {}?}

**Properties**

-   `type` **DraftEntityType** 
-   `mutability` **[DraftEntityMutability][200]** 
-   `data` **{}?** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## getAncestorsKeys

Ancestors needs to be preserved when there are non selected
children to make sure we do not leave any orphans behind

**Parameters**

-   `blockKey` **[string][185]?** 
-   `blockMap` **[BlockMap][192]** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]>** 

## getNextDelimitersBlockKeys

Get all next delimiter keys until we hit a root delimiter and return
an array of key references

**Parameters**

-   `block` **ContentBlockNode** 
-   `blockMap` **[BlockMap][192]** 

Returns **[Array][187]&lt;[string][185]>** 

## removeFromList

Maintain persistence for target list when removing characters on the
head and tail of the character list.

**Parameters**

-   `targetList` **List&lt;CharacterMetadata>** 
-   `startOffset` **[number][186]** 
-   `endOffset` **[number][186]** 

Returns **List&lt;CharacterMetadata>** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## removeTextWithStrategy

For a collapsed selection state, remove text based on the specified strategy.
If the selection state is not collapsed, remove the entire selected range.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `strategy` **function (editorState: EditorState): SelectionState** 
-   `direction` **[DraftRemovalDirection][208]** 

Returns **ContentState** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## onBackspace

For collapsed selections at the start of styled blocks, backspace should
just remove the existing style.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **EditorState?** 

## toggleInlineStyle

Toggle the specified inline style for the selection. If the
user's selection is collapsed, apply or remove the style for the
internal state. If it is not collapsed, apply the change directly
to the document state.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 
-   `inlineStyle` **[string][185]** 

Returns **EditorState** 

## tryToRemoveBlockStyle

When a collapsed cursor is at the start of the first styled block, or
an empty styled block, changes block to 'unstyled'. Returns null if
block or selection does not meet that criteria.

**Parameters**

-   `editorState` **EditorState** 

Returns **ContentState?** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## SecondaryClipboard

Some systems offer a "secondary" clipboard to allow quick internal cut
and paste behavior. For instance, Ctrl+K (cut) and Ctrl+Y (paste).

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## hasEdgeWithin

Return whether the specified range overlaps with an edge of the
SelectionState.

**Parameters**

-   `blockKey` **[string][185]** 
-   `start` **[number][186]** 
-   `end` **[number][186]** 

Returns **[boolean][189]** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## setDraftEditorSelection

In modern non-IE browsers, we can support both forward and backward
selections.

Note: IE10+ supports the Selection object, but it does not support
the `extend` method, which means that even in modern IE, it's not possible
to programatically create a backward selection. Thus, for all IE
versions, we use the old IE API to create our selections.

**Parameters**

-   `selectionState` **SelectionState** 
-   `node` **[Node][206]** 
-   `blockKey` **[string][185]** 
-   `nodeStart` **[number][186]** 
-   `nodeEnd` **[number][186]** 

Returns **void** 

## addFocusToSelection

Extend selection towards focus point.

**Parameters**

-   `selection` **[Object][193]** 
-   `node` **[Node][206]** 
-   `offset` **[number][186]** 
-   `selectionState` **SelectionState** 

Returns **void** 

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

## 

Copyright (c) 2013-present, Facebook, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This source code is licensed under the BSD-style license found in the
LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree. An additional grant
of patent rights can be found in the PATENTS file in the same directory.

[1]: #black_list_props

[2]: #transformsnapshotprops

[3]: #atomicblockutils

[4]: #generate

[5]: #getfingerprint

[6]: #generateleaves

[7]: #create

[8]: #compositedraftdecorator

[9]: #canoccupyslice

[10]: #occupyslice

[11]: #findstyleranges

[12]: #findentityranges

[13]: #containssemanticblockmarkup

[14]: #getlistitemdepth

[15]: #updatenodestack

[16]: #decodecontentblocknodes

[17]: #decodeentityranges

[18]: #decodeinlinestyleranges

[19]: #coredraftblocktype

[20]: #customblocktype

[21]: #draftdecorator

[22]: #draftdecoratortype

[23]: #getdecorations

[24]: #draftdragtype

[25]: #drafteditor

[26]: #_onbeforeinput

[27]: #_buildhandler

[28]: #componentwillupdate

[29]: #focus

[30]: #setmode

[31]: #restoreeditordom

[32]: #setclipboard

[33]: #getclipboard

[34]: #update

[35]: #ondragenter

[36]: #ondragleave

[37]: #isie

[38]: #isblockonselectionedge

[39]: #isblockonselectionedge-1

[40]: #drafteditorblock

[41]: #componentdidmount

[42]: #shouldnotaddwrapperelement

[43]: #componentdidmount-1

[44]: #drafteditorcommand

[45]: #resolve_delay

[46]: #resolved

[47]: #oncompositionstart

[48]: #oncompositionend

[49]: #onkeydown

[50]: #onkeypress

[51]: #resolvecomposition

[52]: #getlistitemclasses

[53]: #drafteditorcontents

[54]: #drafteditorcontentsexperimental

[55]: #getselectionforevent

[56]: #ondragend

[57]: #ondrop

[58]: #inserttextatselection

[59]: #drafteditorleaf

[60]: #leaf

[61]: #drafteditorplaceholder

[62]: #editorstate

[63]: #isnewline

[64]: #newline_a

[65]: #drafteditortextnode

[66]: #draftentitymutability

[67]: #draftentitymutability-1

[68]: #logwarning

[69]: #draftentity

[70]: #getlastcreatedentitykey

[71]: #please-use-contentstategetlastcreatedentitykey-instead

[72]: #create-1

[73]: #please-use-contentstatecreateentity-instead

[74]: #add

[75]: #please-use-contentstateaddentity-instead

[76]: #get

[77]: #please-use-contentstategetentity-instead

[78]: #mergedata

[79]: #please-use-contentstatemergeentitydata-instead

[80]: #replacedata

[81]: #please-use-contentstatereplaceentitydata-instead

[82]: #__getlastcreatedentitykey

[83]: #__create

[84]: #__add

[85]: #__get

[86]: #__mergedata

[87]: #__replacedata

[88]: #draftentityinstance

[89]: #draftentitysegments

[90]: #drafthandlevalue

[91]: #draftinsertiontype

[92]: #draftmodifier

[93]: #draftrange

[94]: #draftremovaldirection

[95]: #rawdraftcontentblock

[96]: #rawdraftcontentblock-1

[97]: #drafttreeadapter

[98]: #fromrawtreestatetorawstate

[99]: #fromrawstatetorawtreestate

[100]: #replacetext

[101]: #editonbeforeinput

[102]: #editoncompositionstart

[103]: #editoncopy

[104]: #editoncut

[105]: #editondragover

[106]: #editondragstart

[107]: #editoninput

[108]: #onkeycommand

[109]: #editonkeydown

[110]: #editonpaste

[111]: #getinlinestyleoverride

[112]: #getcurrentinlinestyle

[113]: #constructor

[114]: #getimmutable

[115]: #acceptselection

[116]: #forceselection

[117]: #moveselectiontoend

[118]: #movefocustoend

[119]: #push

[120]: #undo

[121]: #redo

[122]: #updateselection

[123]: #generatenewtreemap

[124]: #regeneratetreefornewblocks

[125]: #regeneratetreefornewdecorator

[126]: #mustbecomeboundary

[127]: #encodeentityranges

[128]: #getencodedinlinesfortype

[129]: #entityrange

[130]: #unicodeutils

[131]: #getlineheightpx

[132]: #arerectsononeline

[133]: #getnodelength

[134]: #expandrangetostartofline

[135]: #findancestoroffsetkey

[136]: #findrangesimmutable

[137]: #getcharacterremovalrange

[138]: #getzcommand

[139]: #getdefaultkeybinding

[140]: #getdrafteditorselection

[141]: #getdrafteditorselectionwithnodes

[142]: #getfirstleaf

[143]: #getlastleaf

[144]: #gettextcontentlength

[145]: #getentitykeyforselection

[146]: #filterkey

[147]: #blockmap

[148]: #getrangeboundingclientrect

[149]: #getrangeclientrects

[150]: #getrangesfordraftentity

[151]: #getselectionoffsetkeyfornode

[152]: #gettextafternearestentity

[153]: #gettextcontentfromfiles

[154]: #readfile

[155]: #getvisibleselectionrect

[156]: #inlinestylerange

[157]: #updatehead

[158]: #updatetail

[159]: #insertintolist

[160]: #iseventhandled

[161]: #isctrlkeycommand

[162]: #keycommandbackspaceword

[163]: #keycommanddeleteword

[164]: #keycommandmoveselectiontoendofblock

[165]: #keycommandmoveselectiontostartofblock

[166]: #keycommandplainbackspace

[167]: #keycommandplaindelete

[168]: #keycommandtransposecharacters

[169]: #moveselectionbackward

[170]: #moveselectionforward

[171]: #rawdraftcontentstate

[172]: #rawdraftentity

[173]: #getancestorskeys

[174]: #getnextdelimitersblockkeys

[175]: #removefromlist

[176]: #removetextwithstrategy

[177]: #onbackspace

[178]: #toggleinlinestyle

[179]: #trytoremoveblockstyle

[180]: #secondaryclipboard

[181]: #hasedgewithin

[182]: #setdrafteditorselection

[183]: #addfocustoselection

[184]: #draftdecoratortype

[185]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[186]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[187]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[188]: #draftdecorator

[189]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[190]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element

[191]: #rawdraftcontentblock

[192]: #blockmap

[193]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[194]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[195]: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/ieinternals/archive/2010/09/15/

[196]: #drafteditor

[197]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Element

[198]: http://jsfiddle.net/9khdavod/

[199]: http://jsfiddle.net/7pg143f7/

[200]: #draftentitymutability

[201]: #draftentityinstance

[202]: #inlinestylerange

[203]: #entityrange

[204]: #rawdraftcontentstate

[205]: #drafteditorcommand

[206]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Node/nextSibling

[207]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Input

[208]: #draftremovaldirection

[209]: #draftrange

[210]: #drafthandlevalue
